hey guys I'm Nick from Afton this is the
LG 55 inch 3d HDTV the 55 L a 7400 this
is a great introduction TV if you're new
to both flatscreen as well as Smart TVs
and 3d TVs because it gives you
everything in one package at a great
price
this TV is very nice because it has like
all the Smart TVs do a menu that you can
navigate all of your important
information whether you like to listen
to music or watch movies you can get all
that on here through the room oh it's
just a simple press on the smart button
here and it's going to take you to this
menu and it's divided in a couple
different sections you got your premium
section which is your content that you
do have to pay monthly for like Netflix
and Hulu and all that and as well as
that section for 3d where you can buy 3d
movies if you don't already open them on
blu-ray you can buy them off of here and
they can stream directly through the
internet because there this does have
built-in Wi-Fi which is really nice and
that's how you do get all of your
applications and it can continue on with
other kind of panels here that's going
to give you a variety of different
things on the bottom here are additional
applications so just search the internet
even has a built-in manual that you can
read if you're trying to figure out all
the bells and whistles of your TV you
can open it up LG provides that it's
real nice to have on here as well as a
setting button too to control the way
that the picture looks if you want the
brightness contrast up/down whatever it
is it's all done through there another
thing that's really nice is because this
is a 3d TV it does come with four pairs
of glasses so you can share that with
everybody and it does convert existing
2d to 3d which is really nice whether
you're watching them something on here
you can turn it to 3d or if you have a
blu-ray player or a DVD player it can up
convert for that to see it in 3d which
is really nice there's a whole lot of
components in the back of this TV you've
got HDMI slot USB drives a a thern net
connection as well as a headphone jack
in case you want to watch and listen to
program privately now in addition to
some great features as well as a really
nice picture LG has done a great job at
the simple design of the unit it's
extremely thin bezel kind of gives a
whole picture feel on the TV and the
stand is pretty cool too because it's
wider so it's going to give it a whole
lot more security to the TV if it is on
the stand now a personal opinion of mine
the way that I watch TV is that I use a
sound bar
in my room and I have it resting right
underneath the TV for a TV like this
that has a raised stand with kind of
curved edges soundbar if you use it it's
going to sit kind of awkwardly on the
unit but if you do have a home surround
sound system it's going to look and
sound perfectly with this unit so for
more information visit us online at app
comm feel free to leave a comment below
and be sure to subscribe to our YouTube
channel related electronics and
appliances